This is your center of his office in Washington.
During the week, your community United States center did that to Steve Baller,
and the stream of business, as the only one of the United States center did serve as a forward
center for Steve Baller.
I've been husting around with him the all the glorious fishing geeks.
The biggest time this 15 minutes time for everybody to bring you this regular week to the floor.
Whenever I've been on the Washington Act, I can be used to the state by a state where the annual baseball needs to be.
How about those in the dinner party?
Yes, Charlie.
Baseball these days is strictly a spectator's support with me, but I used to play with these house representatives.
I think that was one of the best statues they had over there.
But the Senate and Tennessee were a representative.
Senator Harry Kane was the lone member of the Senate's participation.
And I believe that he is the native of a national.
But he moved up to the state of Washington and entered the public and party before his election to the Senate.
I don't have leave our time run out last week before you had a chance to ask me some of those questions.
So I'm ready for any of you to have on this list.
One important Senator was just when I know that you just lost being at the legislature,
there seems to be so much energy from the part of our Tennessee friends,
some of the discussion all around the body.
I feel that you just did the act.
Recently some of these were used by the Bruce and I.
He said, indicate that you were finished to the surprise presentation on the National National State.
One night, everything got into the state.
If you agree not to investigate from Kansas City,
this game for the second place was in the public.
And some of the Tennessee newspapers may have a political lineup, including you for this place.
Well, I have time I interrupt at that point, Charlie.
Let me say first that I'm not running for any political office and that should be for re-elections
or the United States Senate from Tennessee in 1954.
The second that I have made no political or any other kind of deal for any position or anything else.
Regarding my actions as chairman of the Senate's time investigating a committee and I will make no such deal.
I repeat again that our committee will not shy away from Kansas City anymore
than we would shy away from Madisonville Tennessee as the facts warranted our attention.
Fourth, at all I know about any Tennessee political combine is what I've read in the newspaper.
And let me say that we have a good vice president from our neighboring state of Kentucky.
I'm very, very fond and I'm certainly not a candidate for the nomination in 1962.
I don't want to appear blunt, Charlie, but that's how I feel about it.
Well, that's not blaming up to me.
Yes, recently, as I said, the House action favor will not be over the few original examples
and later post-bunch of the Senate, which contains to the few few of many of our Tennessee veterans.
I think our veterans fans should be in a little background of S-2596.
Well, I first became interested in that matter when I discovered that the veterans' administration had issued regulations
and dangering the right of veterans to fully utilize the benefit of the GI Bill of Rights.
The purpose of this legislation that you just referred to is to more clearly define the intention of Congress
out to the administration of the GI Bill of Rights by the veterans' administration.
We're just about fallen into the practice of government regulations, rather than government law in this matter.
And I thought that advisable to spell out the method by which the education and provisions of the GI Bill were to be administered.
The effective mouth and in will be to remove much of the confusion on the part of veterans and to eliminate possible hardships on them.
But is this Bill making these miracles not enough support in the food change schools?
Well, in a way it does, yes.
We need a deafness policy for the veterans' administration to follow,
which is not subject to change or change of the wind that comes to the VA officials.
This will enable the schools to see further ahead, which expand their facilities, who offer better courses,
and in general to operate more efficient.
We need to get away from this business of having a veteran enter school,
and then find it's training interrupted because the school he entered is later found unsatisfactory to the veterans' administration.
I should thank if this bill becomes law, the VA will be slower to approve schools,
and I'll be able to move back and correct their homes in the state.
I'm with this law, but the law is these so-called Japanese schools that are still there to get things done.
Well, that's not, Charlie.
I've said all along that fly by night type of schooling, which is something in the nature of a racket,
gives the veteran little and nothing useful for the government's money to be eliminated.
And there are two ways this can be accomplished.
First, by being slow to grant approvals, and secondly, by repeatedly reading out the unsatisfactory courses.
We certainly don't want any of these, any more of these courses, and a radio,
or a dancing, baby sitting, similar to ridiculous courses of training.
Under the new failed students will find training possible and new and advanced fields,
such as television, rate of radar and the life.
As the law now stands, no school can accept veterans' training unless it has been operating for at least one year.
This allows no leeway for progress and for new techniques.
What is the polymeteries' situation?
This broadcast is made, both houses and sponges have passed the field,
and it's been sent to a conference to work out the manner differences in the summit and past versions.
During the past, we've considered three more of the re-organization and strategy,
negative departments, before it was about to start.
Senator Keefarb, would you tell us the issues involved in the results of the voting on these topics?
Re-organization plan number seven, which has placed all its ministries,
a party of the interstate commerce and the end of the chair.
And would it mean to take so much commission?
Yes, that's right, the interstate commerce commission.
And what have given the president the power to appoint that chair?
So is it difficult to prove this plan number seven, maintain that the proposal would have had the effect of giving one man rule of the commission to the chair?
And it's intended to hungry by sanctioning the change, but it's given over control of the commission to the president.
Rather than that, I have it remained in the control of funds.
Those who favor the plan, it's intended that the first basic sensible laid down by the who's the commission,
was that all the administrative responsibilities should be vested in the chairman of these commission.
That's all the sake of order and efficiency, and this responsibility should follow the one person
instead of to a 11-man board, all the words of these commissions that are flying around in no man's space and the government ought to be headed out and put in the administrative change.
On this final vote, if the proposal, they go with the proposal for the re-organization of the interstate commerce commission,
was rejected 66-13?
Well, I find my interruptions, or how did you vote on this, though?
Well, I was one of the 13 who voted to put this part of the Hoover Commission report into effect.
I have stated often that I say, really, is recommendations insensible and expectable for most of them.
I was merely carrying forward my pledge and my respect.
The reason I intervoked that question was that I had understood that both labor and management,
at least my knowledge, the order of railroads, enough use and the things that weren't railroads,
had joined in opposition to the plan, especially the fantasy-like and management of real-eninthigment,
and I thought I listened to the initiative, no matter what.
In short, your vote disagreed with the position of both, no remanage.
Yes, I think that's a fair interpretation, Charlie.
A railroad management and all of the druthers were opposed to this re-organization plan.
However, it probably should be said that the chairman of the maritime commission,
the federal communications commission, the federal reserve board,
the civil aeronautics board and national labor relations board,
are all appointed by the President.
I have seen no reason why the interstate comers commission should be given different treatment
and due of the success of the operation of these other board and commission,
with one responsible pair of parties by the President.
One of the other plans we considered number 11 is somewhat complex.
The general purpose of it was to formally invest in the chairman of the federal communications commission.
Same powers to administer the affairs of the commission,
which result to be granted to him the other plan I discussed.
In this case, however, the question of presidential appointment of the member to be a chairman was not in town.
The president already had that authority under another law.
This plan, though, was also defeated by a board of 50s to 23,
and I was among 23 who favored it to touch.
Were there freshers on the use of both one-way or the other on this plan?
The only pressure is that the board is down, Charlie,
and that's been the pressure on all of these reorganization plans.
That seems to be true of a average social attack.
The only person to be here from, or those who don't want,
is who the plan put into effect.
But sometime these very same persons have previously suggested
that I vote for all of the groups that are formed because that meant the economy and the living money.
But only three exceptions, the 25 reorganization plans coming to Congress and White House,
followed the Hoover Recommendations.
Those who have a special interest support, any reform of the class presents, the favor of the rest.
If we're going to achieve more efficiency and economical government,
we can't adopt many of these plans that are bringing the rest of those directly affected down on that here.
At this point in the effort, we are certainly making little progress in putting into effect these various reorganization plans.
The year we call, Tennessee, is that coming to a big point that it brings to the states, the US-Payton.
I'll say it all, but it's all the three of us.
In general, most of the past reaches the voting period,
since we've done that, we have to complete this.
The effort is made valid to invoke the coaches who limit the pay down the price and end.
The effort is completed 50 to 30 to 60 to 40,
so we didn't know about the six seats.
So you stay through a position on that matter.
Well, as I said before, I was just amigant and I was afforded to say against the limits of the states.
But I don't think the Senate has sufficient pressure information before it is considered as matter in television.
The Senate has set up on the description as the greatest political body in the world.
Once the bill is introduced, it goes to committees where it is carefully and the force is considered from every angle.
Hearing Dr. Dutt did and testimony of experts representing many shades of public self are assimilated and compiled into the committee report.
Sometimes there is undue delay between these hearings and considerations on the Senate's floor.
The committee will take a year testimony and make a supplement on the court.
The matter is clear that we all know it is a small moving process,
and the United States Senate will disclose the moving of the small moving process.
But for some strange reason, the latest testimony and hearings available on this important bill is more than seven months old.
Certainly, there is new thought on this question.
Grad into toggle last week, the Honorable Jonathan Daniel, who agreed, had a clear of these,
of a news and a preserveer as well in North Carolina, and a great friend of Joseph and Truman, and of the administration.
He made a speech finding out the new reason for this plan is more bad and good.
And, under the Holland of Florida, who has been serving in the Senate 14 years, stated that he had never written safe,
previous situations where a bill courageously floor particles, without recent hearings and testimonies.
Certainly, that is an important matter and I urge my colleagues to lay aside this measure until some speed hearings,
and be completed by the committee.
Hi, Mr. Bennett.
If you don't use any English, please send me a little bit of good comments on this.
Well, well, I've put it as jolly and the thick skin covering on that football is wearing off the sand with the people's faces.
And after we have a letter calling attention to the state and made on a previous letter, the effect of post office departments is that the die of the railroads in Halein.
Yes, I do, jolly. It was an unfortunate sentence just due to the cause of slip-up.
What I should have said was that the government gave these substitutes rather than the post office department.
But in regard to railroads, the payment is set by the interstate comers commission on the basis of reasonable returns to the railroads.
The transportation for air mail is set in the state by the double aeronautics authority on the basis of development of commercial airlines, promotion of the national defense, and of course, the same as the carrying the mail.
At any rate, the United States government is seeing an estimated $120 million annually for the transportation of mail.
I appreciate that error and interpretation of the sentinel.
And at that time, it's back to you, Senator Scott.
Once again, thank you for your hands.
We have heard the nuclear report of Senator Scott from your Senator Scott.
We hope you have done this next week and this year, so next time you're cheese.
We'll hear next from the other folks.